TELCODOCS-415: Use of openshift-sdn with sno is deprecated (#45830)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/install-sno-generating-the-discovery-iso-manually.adoc

+
<4> Set the `metadata` name to the cluster name.
+

> <5> Set the `networkType`. OVNKubernetes is the default networking for SNO. SDN is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<5> Set the `networkType`. OVN-Kubernetes is the default networking provider for single-node clusters. OpenShift SDN is deprecated.
```

Author: Updated as suggested.

> <5> Set the `networkType`. OVNKubernetes is the default networking for SNO. SDN is deprecated.

Author: Updated as suggested.
